the two snowbound superstar owned by
brenda and tom brinkley of Hollister
California Paul Jones trainer Cody
Johnson aboard they're off in the pauls
valley handicap out well first down Toro
hustling from the outside trying to gain
position into the turn grabbing the lead
is first to ramble by a nose at the rail
the gray his snowbound superstar on the
lead now snowbound superstar at the rail
first ramble goes the other way first
down Toro outside is now second at the
quarter Pole snowbound superstar by a
half-length over first down Toro first
to ramble is back in third but trying to
come up the rail now with the rear alley
vital winter isn't fourth party time
Tommy right there straightening away for
long to go and snowbound superstar has
kicked it clear and out by two here
comes vinyl winner with a charge into
second by the winter chasing snowbound
superstar to know available and this is
13 in a row snowbound superstar a
three-length winner over vital winner in
the pauls valley
a winner third the four first to ramble
and fourth number three party time Tommy
that's a new track record 870 yards the
oldest track record in remington parks
history of this season has now fallen
44.3 three seconds on the board that
defeats the nearly 13 year old Mark held
by Miami prints a multiple distance
champion here at remington park 44.3
three seconds time on the board once
verified that is a new track record into
the automatics winner's circle snowbound
superstar 13 consecutive wins at eight
hundred seventy yards first time in
remington park is a track record
performance knocking out a mark that
stood for almost 13 years snowbound
superstar owned by brenda and tom
brinkley of Hollister California trained
by Paul Jones written the victory by
Cody Jensen career win number 13 all
have been at age 70 and all part of that
winning streak making the presentations
to the winning connections Ramage Park
president and general manager scott
wells snowbound superstar as six year
old gray gelding by snowbound from the
oh my gee whiz mayor Shania cash bred in
Washington by Robert pulse